README.md, before:

# Neighborhood Map Project
Source code for the Neighborhood Map project (5.1)

## Installation

### Step 1
  Download the following repository: https://github.com/slhussey/neighborhood-map

`$ git clone https://github.com/slhussey/neighborhood-map.git

### Step 2 
  Download jQuery version 3.2.1 minified and place in the js/lib folder of the repository.

### Step 3
  Download Knockout version 3.4.2 and placed in the js/lib folder of the repository

### Step 4
  Launch your favorite web browser and then open the index.html file that was
  just downloaded.  If you want the API tp Zillow to work, you will need to use Internet
  Explorer on Windows.  Not sure if Safari on Mac OS X works or not.  This is due to 
  cross site scripting prevention measures on the Zillow API servers.  

## Usage
This web page is shows the use of the Knockout library, Model-View-Octopus frameword, Google Map
APIs, and Zillow real estate APIs.

## License
The content of this repository is public domain.

## Attributions
jQuery - https://code.jquery.com
Knockout - https://www.knockoutjs.com
Zillow - http://www.zillow.com/howto/api/APIOverview.htm

Commit message:

Change knockout and jQuery to download from CDN. Remove API keys to require users to acquire their own.

README.md, after:

# Neighborhood Map Project
Source code for the Neighborhood Map project (5.1)

## Installation

### Step 1
  Download the following repository: https://github.com/slhussey/neighborhood-map

`$ git clone https://github.com/slhussey/neighborhood-map.git`

### Step 2
  Apply for and acquire a Google developer API key to use.

### Step 3
  Apply for and acquire a Zillow developer API key to use.

### Step 4
  Update the API key for Google Maps in the index.html file line 29 to use your API key.

### Step 5
  Update the API key for Zillow in the octopus.js file line 191 to use your API key.

### Step 6
  Launch your favorite web browser and then open the index.html file that was
  just downloaded.  If you want the API tp Zillow to work, you will need to use Internet
  Explorer on Windows.  Not sure if Safari on Mac OS X works or not.  This is due to 
  cross site scripting prevention measures on the Zillow API servers.  

## Usage
This web page shows the use of the Knockout library, Model-View-Octopus frameword, Google Map
APIs, and Zillow real estate APIs.

## License
The content of this repository is public domain.

## Attributions
jQuery - https://code.jquery.com
Knockout - https://www.knockoutjs.com
Zillow - http://www.zillow.com/howto/api/APIOverview.htm
